02-install.md, before:

# Install software on your computer


### Install [git](http://git-scm.com/).

You have it installed if you can run `git --version` at the command
line and get output like `git version 2.3.5`.


### Install [Anaconda](http://continuum.io/downloads).

There are two things you can verify to check your install.

First, from the command line, all of the following should start up
some kind of Python interpreter:

```bash
python
ipython
ipython notebook
spyder
```

Second, inside any of those Python interpreters, you should be able to
do all of these without error:

```python
import numpy
import scipy
import matplotlib
import pandas
import statsmodels
import sklearn
```

---

Did you install Python 2 or 3? Why? How can you check the version of Python installed if you happen to be on an unfamiliar computer?

REPLACE THIS TEXT WITH YOUR RESPONSE

---


### Homebrew

If you use a Mac, install [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/) if you don't
have it yet. You could use Homebrew to manage your `git` and `python`
installs as well, but the methods given above are very good and more
cross-platform.

Commit message:

Answered Question about Python Install

02-install.md, after:

# Install software on your computer


### Install [git](http://git-scm.com/).

You have it installed if you can run `git --version` at the command
line and get output like `git version 2.3.5`.


### Install [Anaconda](http://continuum.io/downloads).

There are two things you can verify to check your install.

First, from the command line, all of the following should start up
some kind of Python interpreter:

```bash
python
ipython
ipython notebook
spyder
```

Second, inside any of those Python interpreters, you should be able to
do all of these without error:

```python
import numpy
import scipy
import matplotlib
import pandas
import statsmodels
import sklearn
```

---

Did you install Python 2 or 3? Why? How can you check the version of Python installed if you happen to be on an unfamiliar computer?

I installed python 2.7.10; because I was working from the dsprework repo when I installed it at the end of May, and that's the version that was recommended. The version of python that is installed on a computer can be found by typing the following command in bash:
python -V


---


### Homebrew

If you use a Mac, install [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/) if you don't
have it yet. You could use Homebrew to manage your `git` and `python`
installs as well, but the methods given above are very good and more
cross-platform.
